Update the header of every file - new comments (#108188)
AdguardTeam/AdguardFilters: TrackParamFilter/sections/specific.txt

!

> ! This section contains the list of domain-specific rules that remove url tracking parameters. Rules have to contain only one modifier `removeparam`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
! This section contains the list of domain-specific rules that remove URL tracking parameters. Rules have to contain only a single modifier: `removeparam`.
```

> ! This section contains the list of domain-specific rules that remove URL tracking parameters. Rules have to contain only a single modifier: `removeparam`.

Reviewer 2: " only a single modifier: `removeparam`."
content type and `domain`  are also modifiers)
